Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another Dooralong discourse on Ruby.
And in this story, we are going to see how to remove duplicate elements from an area.
Now, sometime you will get a list of data that have some duplications now to remove the duplicates
from it.
What you can do is that you could I trade through the errors and filter out the duplicates, but that
is going to be very difficult.
What Ruby is providing you is the unique method, and that makes things a lot more easier.
The unique method basically redone a new area with all the duplicate values removed automatically.
So what you can do is that you can just have an area that is less X and it can then let's set numbers
this time.
So let's say these are the numbers.
So we are going to have iterations from one to five again and again.
So you can see that you have got elements from one to five, but you have got a lot of guns, a lot
of those, a lot of trees, a lot of forest and a lot of pipes, what you want is that you want all
the duplicates to be removed from there.
So it simply you just write and put sex over here.
You can see that you have got the entire area that prints the entire elements that are a part of this
area.
But if you just write an X dot, you and I argue that is the unique function on it.
You can see that you have got only one, two, three, four, five.
All the duplicates have been removed.
So sometimes you when you merge two sets of data, you will end up with duplicates.
So if you have, let's say, two areas, you have just why are we here again?
And that, let's say, again, contain duplicates element.
So if you have a combination of both these areas, then what you can do is that you can just ride in,
let's say.
Combo equals two X plus Y, and that is going to concatenate both these areas and you can just write
and put.
Campbell, run this good and you can see that you've got this lot of elements right here, but to do
it without duplicates, just right in combo, not unique.
And you can see that you have simply got one, two, three, four or five.
So you could use a unique method to remove the duplicate, but it's better to avoid introducing them
entirely instead of adding the arrays together.
What you can do is that you can use the pipe operator, which merges the arrays together.
So what you can do over here is that you can just in place of this over here, you can just write in
this and then you can just simply print on combo around the score and you will still have the very same
output.
So this Ohare is basically known as the pipe operator and that is also used to remove the duplicates.
So it is a better approach to use this pipe operator in place of that unique.
So Ruby Arrays also supports the subtraction feature, which means that you can subtract one array from
the another value to get new values as well.
And what you can do is that you can just simplify it so that you can much more see what's going on,
so you can just write in one, two, three, four, five.
And let's say you want to subtract four and five from this so you can just write an X minus Y, run
the score and you can see that you have got the elements subtracted over him.
So that was basically just an idea that popped up in my mind.
And I thought that it should also be covered over here.
So the purpose basically was to show you how to remove duplicates.
And there were basically two ways.
The first one was using the unique method and then the second one was using the pipe operator.
So I hope you understood both of them.
So I guess that's it would destroy Dorel as well in the next iteration and see how to manipulate each
element's value.
And that is basically known as the transformation of data using errors.
So that will be a part of future tutorial.
So for this to.
That's it.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next hour, Dorian.